 Okay, so first question for you, Ayesh. Can you describe your journey from being in India to coming to the US? Yeah, sure. So, when I was in, I mean, I, a sort of, I finished my undergraduate, I joined a data consultancy services. I was working for Citibank as a client. Service working in an ATM project. Service at .NET, Devla, for the beginning. And then I moved on as a business analyst, and I had a team as well. So, after I was managing the team, and that's when I really started developing fascination for data. And how that, that's superior than data analytics was actually booming. And people were really starting to figure out how we could make better decisions with data analytics. So, since I got involved in a project that was related to data analytics, I decided to do my masters and management information systems. So, I got my admission in Sunnybrook, so I landed in Buffalo, New York. It was, I think it was a little impulsive as well. But still, I made it to masters. And then my specialization was all around data analytics and predictive algorithm data mining. Pretty much leaning towards data science in my masters. I also did a couple of papers in project management and audit and information assurance. So, that was interesting piece. And then, yeah, that's actually how I, my journey from India to US. Okay, very interesting. So, you are very interested in data and then that took you to the US, correct? Yeah, that's right. Because I always wanted to do my masters in the US because I had a lot of my friends who pursued masters in computer science. And they were all sharing their experiences about how studying in the US is very different from how teaching in India is, right? There is a huge difference in terms of how we approach things here. So, that kind of spurred my interest. I mean, data was just a specialization thought. MIS was a specialization thought, but basically that's what spurred my interest. Okay, I'm just stressed. So, second question. What does it that you do today and what do you love about what you do? Okay, so today, I'm a technical program manager at Walmart. And I manage engineering and operational excellence for transactions. So, basically, what we do here is in terms of identifying processes where we could bring in engineering excellence. So, engineering excellence could be in terms of how we, I mean, it could be in terms of how we develop the code or in terms of continuous deployment pipeline. Or in terms of developer productivity and enhancing developer productivity. So, those are some of the aspects in terms of engineering excellence. When it comes to operational excellence, since Walmart is where I'm positioned is Walmart global tech. So, in global tech, the most important aspect is we tend to manage OPM. So, what is the order permanent or order per second? Because it's retail e-commerce and it's huge retail e-commerce. So, we track those metrics in terms of operational excellence and see what went wrong. And then when there is an incident generally in engineering work, we call it as incidence production incidence. So, whenever there is an incident and that has an transactions, it's a core of Walmart e-commerce. So, transactions basically involves cart checkout. And from the time as a customer, you go into Walmart.com, you add to cart, you check out and then you place the order. So, until that point is called a transaction flow. So, that's the bread and butter of Walmart in terms of e-commerce. So, when it comes to operational excellence, whenever there is an impact to these parts of the operations, when I work with the production support team and our engineering teams in order to identify the root cause and see how we could remediate the issue in the future. And also, that's one part. And the other aspect of that is how we could build resiliency around such incidents and such production events that are happening. That's very interesting the way your position combines with the way customers interact. Yeah, that is very true. Actually, it is, I mean, I am not an applying phasing role. I don't speak to customers or anything. I'm very much positioned in the engineering side of things. Quite aligned to technicalities, but we deal with customer problems. True. So, third question, going back to more of your journey. What experience did you have in India that you miss in the US? That's a good question. Well, I mean, I cannot compare in terms of the professional life. It's very different in terms of, I mean, in India, it's a different working culture. So, one thing that I can definitely say from my personal experiences, in India, I was a part of a very huge team. Like I had 100 people in my team. So, I had a lot of opportunities to learn from so many other people. It was very, very different and had a very different learning curve in terms of where I started and in terms of where I ended. Like I had almost close to four years in India in terms of my experience. But when I came to US, I joined HSBC working for Anita. So, since then I had become an individual contributor where I did not have a team that I was actually managing all co-working. So, we had a team, but each of us had different roles to play. Which was very different from my experience in India. So, my initial days of understanding how it works as an individual contributor, because there are pros and cons to that, right? Like when you're an individual contributor, you have to learn everything from scratch and you manage the whole thing. And the pro to that is you have a deep learning curve where you get an in-depth understanding of a lot of things. So, at a high level if I have to say, it's between breadth of knowledge in India versus going deeper in America. So, that's what I feel is a basic difference. And here in general, also I've observed, even during my master's, right? You learn a concept and you take a deep dive into it and you know it 100%. Not 100% every concept is going to grow and you keep on learning. And that's one thing that I learned after coming here that you can never stop learning here. And until you take that deep dive to continuously learn, I mean continuously learn, you also make mistakes along the journey and then you still strive to learn and keep moving ahead for that excellence. You can never really make your way up in the journey. That's definitely an interesting contrast. Like in my past interviews, I think people have been saying the same thing. Like while in the US they've been able to have more opportunities to basically learn about their field. Yeah, exactly. Because you, I feel that I mean I see a lot of in-depth SMEs here. Of course we do have a lot of SMEs there as well. I mean it's just based on the small team that you are a part of, right? But here people know their stuff like 200% and they know what they're doing, right? 200%. That is a very hard state to be in. But I think naturally this professional life kind of tunes you there. Right, right. So final question. Is there any advice you would give a first generation Indian American? A first generation Indian American or or definitely lucky. Especially someone like you right away, that it ends or like they have established that pace and they have actually control all the hard work. For you to look at this from a different perspective. Because in their generation for them to establish to where they are today would have been really a hard journey in terms of. A lot of things right in terms of going through the immigration or in terms of understanding what this professional life is all about. It would have been fairly new between where they are and between where you are today. So I think for you it's a great opportunity where genetically also you're in. You have inherited the Indian intelligence brain but you're combining it with American education and the way of system. So it's an interesting aspect to have right where you could aspire to get into I will leagues because I would say it's all in your genes, right? So you could aspire to get into I will leagues but the system also kind of shapes you to be so methodical to be very systematic and the way that we the time management that we do here. And that's also part of your curriculum as in you know how to balance it out between your studies and between your extradericals and time management is a key part to it. And whatever you learn as well I think based on my understanding with what happens here I don't have a real experience but based on my understanding by knowing my friends or anybody like in terms of middle school and high school you really go deep into your subject and that's where your depth of knowledge starts here. That's a great so you have a lot of positives to make your way up if you kind of channelize it correctly with your energy and your goals and ambitions and no matter whatever I mean whether it's Indian American anybody like it's just about how consistent you are in terms of practice or in terms of meeting that goals. I think that is you have a lot of plus that's what I want to say so one piece of advice is to and the other side of the coin is we have too much best exposure here so there are a lot of distractions because the system is different as in India your school system kind of controls your discipline kind of controls your models and a lot of things but as an Indian American first year into college. Where you're also going through a different phase of life I think you need to have a control within yourself because your parents cannot also not control too much as much as it is in India not like how I grew up it is very different here for you so while the environment is extremely modern while the environment is extremely lenient and your parents also have to go with that because we are in while you are in Rome you have to be in a row and right. So we have to also go with that but at the same time now there is more control within you like where you have to take that control completely so you should have the self control and you should know how to make best views of the opportunity that you have and and channelize your energies in the right path so that is a very challenging part for an Indian American you have everything you have everything in abundance so now it's up to you how to manage that abundance in India. So I definitely agree with that you can have all these things but ultimately it will come down to your discipline. Absolutely yeah because you have there is abundance in everything so I mean how you channelize that into a right path into right energies is the most key aspect here which is challenging for your age especially as a first year it is definitely going to be challenging with all the time. So you should just work that balance out. Yeah.