 So Mr. Sen, can you describe your journey from being in India to coming to the US? That's a very interesting journey I had. I was only 20 years old, coming to this country and leaving my parents and friends and everything 20 years from Kolkata to over here. So, the journey was I got on a plane in Kolkata. It was January 2, 1971. And I still remember and came to Varykov. I was supposed to change planes in Amsterdam, but there was a snowstorm and all the fights were cancelled. So, we got transferred to this regard. And that was my first time out of the country, my life must have been out of the country. And then the next day, they put us up in a hotel, the next day they took us to this regard of airport. And those days you can only get 8 dollars because I was coming on a student visa. You could only get 8 dollars from the Indian government. So, I was coming to this country with 8 dollars in my pocket. That's it. And then when I went to Lucidav, they took away 2 dollars for airport tax. So, when I landed in John F. Kennedy Airport, I had only 6 dollars in my pocket. So, I had 6 dollars. Think about it. What? How much can I do with 6 dollars? I'm talking about 1970, but still 6 dollars is not bad. But I had full scholarship. So, which helped me with full scholarship. And then the university sent for me somebody to receive me at John F. Kennedy Airport. And those days they were very nice to receive me. And then they brought me to put me in another plane to put you in. So, that was my journey. It was my first flight, first trip out of the country. Got stranded in the Mediterranean to this country with 6 dollars. And from 6 dollars, I'm 74, all right now. I'm 74. And you know, semi-retired. I'm retired, but I still teach at UB. Because they want me to teach at UB. Oh, you are a prof? Yeah. I was a provost at Duvall University, the vice president of academic affairs. And then from there, I was there for 10 years and then I retired. And I don't want to ask, answer your question. I don't know what questions you have, but I'm just telling you that I retired. And then when the UB School of Medicine found out that I retired, they asked me to come and teach. Because I used to teach before I went to Duvall University as the provost. And they asked me to teach. So, I teach only in the fall semester I teach. And I teach research course, the final research course for the students. So, I enjoy it. I love teaching. Love it. So, anyway, so that's my journey. In what manner? All right, so what is it that you do today and what do you love about what you do? What do I do right now? I'm basically retired, but not totally. I'm still teaching at UB. I retired from Duvall University. But now I went back to UB. That you would call me. So, I only teach in the fall semester. I teach three courses at UB School of Management and the fall semester. Spring semester, we are not here. Can we very much, my wife and I, go to Florida. We spend, I try to get out of the cold weather. So, we generate very much, we stay in Florida, live in Florida. And then, when summer I enjoy, this is what we enjoy. Sitting out over here, and enjoying the weather. And then in the fall I teach, and then the semester passes in. In December, we leave for. That's the end of December, we leave for Florida. As soon as it gets cold, it gets cold. The older I'm getting, it's very hard for me to take this cold weather. It affects my health a lot. I like that. I'm just enjoying my life. And my grandkids have got six grandkids from 21 years old to five years old. My grand-older just on five days. So, I've got six grandkids and three kids. So, what experience did you have in India that you missed the most? What experiences I have in India that I missed the most? Well, the most that I missed when I came to this country with my parents. I missed my parents. I see. It was very hard for me to stay here. I was so homesick. I was so homesick. I wanted to go back. And my father said, now, you're going to stay there. Finish your education. Get your master's, get your PhD, and all that that you went through. And then you can come back. Then you can come back. But, you know, one thing that you're another, I want to meet another God. The job and everything. But that's what I missed the most when I came to this country. But I also missed my friends. I missed the culture. I missed the culture a lot. You know, all the religious festivals and all that from Holi to... All the religious, you know, Diwali and all the religious festivals. There was so much fun. There was so much fun with my friends and all that family. That's what I... And I still miss them. So, do you ever go back? Oh, I used to go back every year with my parents with them. Two or three times a year, I used to go back. But once my dad passed away and he was a physician. And my dad passed away. I brought my mother with you. And my mother stayed with us at this house till she passed away. So, I was a dad passed away. Because my mother was old and I was going back two or three times a year. It's not easy. You've gone to India, I'm sure. At least ten times, I'm getting here. And it is not an easy trip. Yeah. It's not an easy trip. And going back and all that back and forth. So, my wife and I decided to bring her over here. And she lived with us till she passed away. You know, my grandmother was also staying at her house. Oh, you ran with her little children? Yeah, she lived there. Oh, nice. So, she's actually been staying with us. You know, on and off, she goes and visits sometimes. She's been staying with us for the past ten years. Really? Yeah, see, man. Never seen. Maybe more than that. Yeah, she doesn't usually walk around here. But she sits outside on her porch. More than that. So, that's in the front. Oh, nice. She goes out in the back. We have two dogs. I know it. Oh, I know your dogs. Yeah, she sometimes walks around with them in the back. So, she's there. Not good. Good, yeah. Yeah, my mother lived over here for a long time. Many years. As soon as I had my dipeste we had. My mother lived. It was much easier. And she enjoyed it. She loved it. So, did she stay here through the winter? Yeah. Oh, yeah. But I'm assuming she was mostly, you know, staying warm and sight, right? Oh, yeah, yeah. And she would go out. She'd love to go out. Even in the winter, she would love to go out shopping. My wife would take her out shopping. She would go camping with us. She would go. She used to go camping out. She would go camping with us. We used to go on cruises. She would go on cruises with us. So, we'd be prepared to leave there. Wherever we went, she went with us. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, good luck. Yeah. All right. So, what is one unique thing that you have experienced in the US? One unique thing. You know, the most unique thing that I think is this country has a lot of opportunities for people like us, for immigrants. You know, there's enormous amount of opportunities. If you really want to succeed, if you really want to get there, there are opportunities. And I experienced that in my own life. The opportunities are there. But you have to work for it. It just goes. It doesn't go. If you're going to go to Georgia Tech, it's not going to take that. You have to work for it. And you want to succeed in AI. And you could be said, you have to work for it, right? So, I had to work for it. But the opportunities are there for us as immigrants coming to this country to avail these opportunities. And I, you know, had to work. I did some of jobs in India. I'll tell you. And when I came to this country, I had no parents, nobody. Right? And I hardly had any money other than my scholarship. I told you I came landed at Kennedy Airport with six stars in my heart. But I worked hard. I worked hard. Even when I worked all kinds of jobs, you know, summer jobs. We could only do summer jobs as, because I was only a student. We said that. We needed to do summer jobs. And it was, I worked six, seven days a week trying to make money. And when I was a student, I did all kinds of jobs. All kinds of jobs, you know. And it was, but I worked hard to finally, I knew what I wanted to do. And I wanted to get into working for the Fortune 500 company. Do you know what the Fortune 500 company is? Yes. The big company. Top 500? Yeah, the top 500 companies. And I, so when I graduated, I was hired out by a bank in Virginia. It was a trainee. And then, you know, then I was hired out by a company called Media General, which was, it's a media. I think the fifth, one of the largest media companies in the world actually. Then I got hired, I went to, moved over to Quaker Roads, you know, the series of them. I'm brand management. I used to manage different products for Quaker Roads. And then I was hired out by HSBC, the bank, as the director of research and, actually research and communications, and marketing communications. And I was in Wall Street for five years. I was in Wall Street for five years. And then my ultimate dream was to be an entrepreneur. To be an entrepreneur. And after I finished all that, I started out a company. I started my own company over here in Buffalo. It was a management company. And I had about 30 people. I had about 30, not starting out. But ultimately I had 30 people. And we did management consulting for major corporations. Major major corporations. And I did that for 22 years. I don't company for 22 years. And then I sold my company that was, you know, and then what do I do? I'm too young to retire. So my wife said, what are you going to teach? You've got all the experience. You can share your experience with students. So I got hired. First I got hired by UB. UB School of Management. And then I got a UB School of Management. And then you will offer me the job. I interviewed and I was a candidate for the Provost of my specific department. I did that for 10 years. And then I said, now it's time for me to retire. So I retired and then again you'll be called. But my ultimate dream was to be an entrepreneur. And I did that for 22 years. I had my own company. It was a small company, over 30 people. So there are opportunities for people over here. But you have to work for it. It just doesn't come to you. You have to work hard. And I had my business, I worked. It has been seven days a week, 12, 14 hours a day. And you have your own company. You just can't work Monday through Friday, 10 to 5, 7 to 8 to 5. You're there almost every day because I had all my clients. There were a lot of projects and all that. So that was my life. So did this company, it just started with you or was there like... It started with me, I started it. Oh, I started it. I started all by myself. And I loved all my jobs. I never hated any of my jobs. I worked hard at all my jobs. But long hours at all my jobs. And I endured my business. I have no regrets at all. Not a hard work, but no regrets. I enjoy it. No, I start the work. I like that mindset. No regrets. No regrets. I know. I have absolutely no regrets on anything in my life. Literally no regrets on anything. It's just my dad told me just go and work hard. I saw my dad in the game of physician and how he worked with patients and all that. Long hours he used to have patients. And my dad was, a very generous person. In the morning he would have patients that would... charge them a fee. And in the evening he would see patients free. Poor people. Poor people. And outside his office there was a big line of every evening of people that couldn't afford the bear. Over there there was no insurance or the medical insurance. So they had to pay it out of their own pocket. And these people were poor. They could afford it. So I saw my dad work hard. And that's what I said. You work hard. There are opportunities in this country to make people any. Whether you're citizens, whether you're born over here or your immigrants, especially for immigrants. It's a little bit harder for immigrants. A little bit harder. Not a little bit, but quite a bit harder for immigrants to succeed in this country. But you can succeed. I have seen it at the whole night. I've seen it from my friends. Some of my friends, they're all very, very successful. But you know, you have to work hard. Sure. And I'm sure someday you'll be the top notch AI. I am. Oh, I'm sure you will. Work hard. Work hard. I'm sure your parents will work hard. Your dad works hard. Well, that's your dad work. So he works at a whipper. So it's a, they make software for hospitals basically. Oh, right. So he sells them. Okay. The salesman for them. And my mom actually, she works at HSBC. Okay. Yeah, so you work there as well, right? Yeah. It's a good, great company, HSBC. So where is HSBC now? Would you have any? Here. They've been involved in everything. There. But I understand they were in Buffalo at first downtown. Oh, yeah. I mean, I worked in the downtown office, a big building. Yeah. I think now my mom is working at a PUE office. Yeah. That's what I was saying. Oh, yeah. Walden, right? HSBC office. Is it all in a Broadway, I think? Yeah, I think she works there. Yeah. And I think she's going to go back to the downtown office. They're doing some renovations. Hmm. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good company, HSBC. And, you know, I loved it. I enjoyed HSBC. I started out before it was called the Minatures. We said it was called Marine Midland Pain. Oh, wow. So when was that? Like, I'll tell you. I think in the earlys, in this before, I think it turned into HSBC in the early 80s. Oh, okay. Before that. Because HSBC is a British Pain. So Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation, that is what HSBC stands for. Hong Kong Shanghai. Yeah, the main headquarters are in London. The main headquarters is in London. It used to be. No, I don't know. It's moved on. But it used to be in London. Even though it's called Hong Kong Shanghai Banking. The main headquarters was in London. And then it switched when HSBC bought out Marine Midland Bank. All the Buffalo offices converted to HSBC. Yeah. So, yeah. So, yeah. Where the young mother knows that. I don't know. She does. There is a really long time ago. This is one of her newer jobs. So, before that, she got this job around, I don't know, 2015. I say it. Not exactly sure. But we moved here because of her job. That is really good. Wonderful. She's here. I think she's in the sales. Not exactly. Yeah, I don't know what they do in mortgage. We have many mortgage and all that. But, yeah. She does a management department. Yeah. Good. Wonderful. Wonderful. She was working in the Delaware office before we moved. I was living around the Delaware. Oh, right, right here? Yeah, we did. When did you move here? 2017. Oh, you moved here 2017. We've been here since 1999. In the South. 1999. Okay, I don't want to finish as either. Should we move more questions here? Oh, yes. So, the last question. Is there any advice you would give a first gen Indian Americans like me? First generation or first generation, yes. But you're not first generation. You're not the first generation. Your dad is the first generation. Maybe you want to call it first generation Indian American. Okay, first generation, doesn't matter. Yeah. I will strongly suggest, and I, for a mixed business, say, come to this country. When you're saying if somebody from India comes over here, is that what you're saying asking? Yeah, that and also like maybe first generation who's born in America. Okay. Who was born in America? Yeah. Is that what hard? Be sincere, be honest, be dedicated to whatever you do. Whether you're studying in school, in college, university, at your job, as long as you're hard, you don't have, everybody doesn't have to be an Einstein. To succeed. I was an Einstein. I was just an happens student. But, you know what? I don't like sitting over here when it's thundering. Okay, that's one second. Okay. Because, you know, that's one second. Any first generation, whether they're coming from India, or first generation born over here, that you're so, you know, work hard. Work hard. Be sincere, be dedicated, be honest. And there are so many opportunities in this country. There's so many opportunities in this country for everyone. And you will, you know, avail those opportunities. You know, it's not going to come to you. The body is going to throw it to you. Yeah. Nobody. You have to take the opportunity. Absolutely. Yeah. I got in the scholarship, full scholarship at the university. They didn't just give it to me. Yeah. I studied over there, got good grades, and all that. And, you know, work hard. You know, that. But, when I came to this country, I worked hard. I worked 12, 14 hours a day, seven days a week, I used to work. Even when not too long ago, when I had my business, I was working seven days a week. Yeah. So the opportunity is there for you to succeed. But, as long as you. I got it. Well, you know, and be sincere, be dedicated with whatever you. And just have that positive attitude that you will succeed. Keep that positive attitude. Keep that positive attitude. Keep it going. And you will see, you won't have any problems. You will not have it. And, you know, and I've given to, I said that to my kids. And I said that to all young people, you know, you don't just rely on your mom and dad to do everything for you. When I came here 20 years, or a day of 20, I had no one. No one. I didn't know anybody. No family, no friends, nothing. Yeah. And it was hard. It was very hard for me. And especially as a day, you're a whole day, you're about 17. Yeah. So you're 17. Think about it. 73 more years, you'll be 20. And if you go somewhere, you don't know anybody, you don't have any money, you don't have your parents, you don't have your friends, you don't know, it's difficult. But I did it. And there are a lot of people like me that have done it. I know a lot of my friends have done it. But we all came. We are immigrants. We are immigrated to this country. And we knew that life wouldn't be easy for us at the beginning. We had to work hard. We had to fight. So, I'm ready. Yeah. Just to be in a safe side. Yeah. It's going to come. I didn't expect such a bad one that I actually, it was nice and sunny when I was coming. Exactly. I would take you home. I would drive you home. But no, I don't want you walking in the earth thunder. And I'd like me to have a look. I'll drive you home. So, anyway, so that's my advice to any first generation in Indians or that born over year or coming from India. Either way. You still have to. And you're going to get roadblocks. There will be roadblocks. Overcome them. Kind of way. Kind of way. Absolutely. Be positive and don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. And the roadblocks, you know, you can overcome them. But you'll be fine. Does it answer your question? I think you're absolutely, absolutely. I don't know whether you're able to record everything. It seems like we got it.