 You're going to ask the question? Yes, sure. So Mr. Nair, can you describe your journey from being in India to coming to the US? So I was born in West Bengal and I moved to southern part of India, Kerala. That's what I studied. I did my undergrad there and moved to Mumbai for my master's. I worked there as a marine national photographer. I was always trying to go overseas either to the US or Australia. Finally I came here to the university. I mean Buffalo through the university did Buffalo. I stayed home taking it off my sentence for almost two years because my wife was working at Los War Park and I was a postdoc researcher. Then finally I got hired by UBS, a clinical trial administrator running clinical trials for the Department of Medicine. But I was very involved with the community. Even back home I was very involved with mobilizing the youth, getting involved with politics. So I continued that here. I volunteered for the party. I helped the international students and also tried to be a voice for the Indian Americans in Buffalo. So finally I was offered to run for office few times but that was not the right time for me to run. But seeing my good work when our current governor, Kathi Hawke, then Lutano Governor, offered me this position where I am now. I worked as the deputy director of the Asian Affairs for the state, New York State. So where I get an opportunity to mobilize the Asian Americans and bring resources to the community from the government. There was a huge disconnect between the community and the government. So now I personally have friends all over the state, Asian American community. And I make sure that they have a voice in the executive chamber. They are being there, that they feel there is a connect. They can always reach out to me if they need anything. So take home a lesson from my story is that they are involved in the community. They are involved in the community, volunteers, whether it is in the matter of what party you believe you have affiliation with. But they are involved, bring the community together. Volunteerism is something that they don't everyone can do. It is very important. It will definitely benefit you in the long run. So that is my story in a short form. So what do you love about doing that? I love to connect with people. There are a lot of things people don't know about the government. They come up with questions. They don't know who are the right people. Where they can find the right resources for their need. So I love to fill in that gap. So I like to be the connector between the huge government and the community. Mainly my own patient, mainly. So that is mainly I love. But I like all my jobs in the US. Even though I was working for University of Buffalo, my heart was always in the community. How to treat people. So basically the thing I love about is helping people. What experience did you have in India that you missed in the US? The big thing I missed here is the family dynamics. My parents are in back home. In India you get to see your family all the time. Especially your parents, siblings. You are significant others. Close relatives. That is something I miss. You do the same. You have to go back home to treat that connection. Of course we have friends. Not a friend. But they cannot replace the family. They have a lot of time. So that is one thing I really miss. So what is one unique thing that you have experienced in the US? The unique thing in the US. If you have a dream to become something, right? Whether you want to be a politician or a doctor, whatever you want to be someone like big and people recognize you. You want to be in such a position. In India you can see that here you can make it happen as long as you work hard. And you associate yourself with the right people. Nobody can stop you. You will reach the world where you want to be. That is one of the unique things I experienced in the US. I was a major and if you have asked for the US for the US. Basically you like the opportunities as well. Yes. I mean the land of opportunity. It is really true. If you want something you are ready to work hard, you will be there for sure. But believe in yourself. That is it. Sir, any advice you would give a first generation in India and America? Stay connected with the culture, your heritage. You are from India. I myself am from India. I connect with other people. I bring them to my own community. I share my culture with them. We accept their culture. But for every community, we should stay connected with our culture and heritage. Because it is very important. Because first generation, you basically you, you might send them all to you. You don't get the experience or you don't get an opportunity to experience what your dad and I experience back home. So every opportunity you get here to be a part of that gathering your cultural and diversity. You try to be a part of it. So that way you will always be in that crowd. You know, you can easily connect with your culture. You go home, you may feel things that I have never seen before. So I think it is very important to stay connected to the culture and heritage. That is my one and only one important advice to the first generation. Thank you so much.